Source element to read iOS assets, this is, documents stored in the
Library (like photos, music and videos). It can be instantiated
automatically by `playbin` when URIs use the
`assets-library://` scheme.

### `iosavassetsrc`

Source element to read and decode iOS audiovisual assets, this is,
documents stored in the Library (like photos, music and videos). It can
be instantiated automatically by `playbin` when URIs use the
`ipod-library://` scheme. Decoding is performed by the system, so
dedicated hardware will be used if available.

## Conclusion

This tutorial has shown a few specific details about some GStreamer
elements which are not available on all platforms. You do not have to
worry about them when using multiplatform elements like `playbin` or
`autovideosink`, but it is good to know their personal quirks if
instancing them manually.

Source element to read iOS assets, this is, documents stored in the
Library (like photos, music and videos). It can be instantiated
automatically by `playbin` when URIs use the
`assets-library://` scheme.

### `iosavassetsrc`

Source element to read and decode iOS audiovisual assets, this is,
documents stored in the Library (like photos, music and videos). It can
be instantiated automatically by `playbin` when URIs use the
`ipod-library://` scheme. Decoding is performed by the system, so
dedicated hardware will be used if available.

## Conclusion

This tutorial has shown a few specific details about some GStreamer
elements which are not available on all platforms. You do not have to
worry about them when using multiplatform elements like `playbin` or
`autovideosink`, but it is good to know their personal quirks if
instancing them manually.


---

